README.md, before:

# A hitchhacker's guide to the brain

A place to find your way around the multiverse of resources and methods that have almost, but not quite, entirely everything to do about the brain.

* [Brainhack](resource_list.md/#brainhack)
* [Open Science](resource_list.md/#open-science)
* [GitHub](resource_list.md/#github)
* [Documenting projects and code](resource_list.md/#documenting-projects-and-code)
* [Shell programming](resource_list.md/#shell-programming)
* [Python](resource_list.md/#python)
  + [Introduction](resource_list.md/#introduction)
  + [Specific topics](resource_list.md/#specific-topics)
* [R](resource_list.md/#r)
* [Containers](resource_list.md/#containers)
* [Other tools for reproducible data-science](resource_list.md/#other-tools-for-reproducible-data-science)
* [Open-data platforms](resource_list.md/#open-data-platforms)
* [Neuroimaging](resource_list.md/#neuroimaging)
  + [Courses and tutorials for the main MRI software packages](resource_list.md/#courses-and-tutorials-for-the-main-mri-software-packages)
  + [Main EEG and MEG Softwares](resource_list.md/#main-eeg-and-meg-softwares)
  + [Quality control](resource_list.md/#quality-control)
  + [Interactive Brain Atlases](resource_list.md/#interactive-brain-atlases)
  + [Analysis](resource_list.md/#analysis)
  + [Cloud computing](resource_list.md/#cloud-computing)
  + [Reproducible neuroimaging tools](resource_list.md/#reproducible-neuroimaging-tools)
  + [Other specific topics](resource_list.md/#other-specific-topics)
* [Statistics](resource_list.md/#statistics)
* [Machine Learning and Deep Learning](resource_list.md/#machine-learning-and-deep-learning)
  + [Specific to neuroimaging](resource_list.md/#specific-to-neuroimaging)
  + [Softwares for machine learning (or multivariate) analysis in neuroimaging](resource_list.md/#softwares-for-machine-learning-or-multivariate-analysis-in-neuroimaging)
* [Meta analysis](resource_list.md/#meta-analysis)
* [Neuroimaging video series](resource_list.md/#neuroimaging-video-series)
  + [Mumford brainstats](resource_list.md/#mumford-brainstats)
  + [Andrew Jahn](resource_list.md/#andrew-jahn)
  + [Center for Brains, Minds and Machines](resource_list.md/#center-for-brains-minds-and-machines)
  + [Organization from human brain mapping (OHBM)](resource_list.md/#organization-from-human-brain-mapping-ohbm)
  + [fMRIf summer courses from the NIH](resource_list.md/#fmrif-summer-courses-from-the-nih)
  + [Conference on Cognitive Computational Neuroscience (CCN)](resource_list.md/#conference-on-cognitive-computational-neuroscience-ccn)
  + [International Neuroinformatics Coordinating Facility (INCF) Annual Conference](resource_list.md/#international-neuroinformatics-coordinating-facility-annual-conference]
  + [Computational and Systems Neuroscience (Cosyne) Annual Conference - 2018](resource_list.md/#computational-and-systems-neuroscience-cosyne-annual-conference)
  + [University of Michigan 2018 Training Course in fMRI](resource_list.md/#university-of-michigan-2018-training-course-in-fMRI)
  + [Cambridge University MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit Method Seminars 2017](resource_list.md/#cambridge-universit-mrc-cognition-and-brain-sciences-unit-method-seminars-2017)
  + [Cambridge University MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit Method Seminars 2018](resource_list.md/#cambridge-universit-mrc-cognition-and-brain-sciences-unit-method-seminars-2018)
  + [ISMRM Educational Materials](resource_list.md/#ismrm-educational-materials)
  +[fMRIF NIMH fMRI Course - from 2014 to 2018](resource_list.md/#fmrif-nimh-fmri-course-from-2014-to-2018)

Commit message:

Because a landing page should be more than just a landing page

README.md, after:

# A hitchhacker's guide to the brain

A place to find your way around the multiverse of resources and methods that have almost, but not quite, entirely everything to do about the brain.


[_So whenever life gets you down, Mrs. Brown
And things seem hard or tough_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvwH8Qij0JY)
_Just remember..._

[![DON'T PANIC](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6b/Don%27t_Panic.svg/1280px-Don%27t_Panic.svg.png)](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6b/Don%27t_Panic.svg/1280px-Don%27t_Panic.svg.png)



* [Brainhack](resource_list.md/#brainhack)
* [Open Science](resource_list.md/#open-science)
* [GitHub](resource_list.md/#github)
* [Documenting projects and code](resource_list.md/#documenting-projects-and-code)
* [Shell programming](resource_list.md/#shell-programming)
* [Python](resource_list.md/#python)
  + [Introduction](resource_list.md/#introduction)
  + [Specific topics](resource_list.md/#specific-topics)
* [R](resource_list.md/#r)
* [Containers](resource_list.md/#containers)
* [Other tools for reproducible data-science](resource_list.md/#other-tools-for-reproducible-data-science)
* [Open-data platforms](resource_list.md/#open-data-platforms)
* [Neuroimaging](resource_list.md/#neuroimaging)
  + [Courses and tutorials for the main MRI software packages](resource_list.md/#courses-and-tutorials-for-the-main-mri-software-packages)
  + [Main EEG and MEG Softwares](resource_list.md/#main-eeg-and-meg-softwares)
  + [Quality control](resource_list.md/#quality-control)
  + [Interactive Brain Atlases](resource_list.md/#interactive-brain-atlases)
  + [Analysis](resource_list.md/#analysis)
  + [Cloud computing](resource_list.md/#cloud-computing)
  + [Reproducible neuroimaging tools](resource_list.md/#reproducible-neuroimaging-tools)
  + [Other specific topics](resource_list.md/#other-specific-topics)
* [Statistics](resource_list.md/#statistics)
* [Machine Learning and Deep Learning](resource_list.md/#machine-learning-and-deep-learning)
  + [Specific to neuroimaging](resource_list.md/#specific-to-neuroimaging)
  + [Softwares for machine learning (or multivariate) analysis in neuroimaging](resource_list.md/#softwares-for-machine-learning-or-multivariate-analysis-in-neuroimaging)
* [Meta analysis](resource_list.md/#meta-analysis)
* [Neuroimaging video series](resource_list.md/#neuroimaging-video-series)
  + [Mumford brainstats](resource_list.md/#mumford-brainstats)
  + [Andrew Jahn](resource_list.md/#andrew-jahn)
  + [Center for Brains, Minds and Machines](resource_list.md/#center-for-brains-minds-and-machines)
  + [Organization from human brain mapping (OHBM)](resource_list.md/#organization-from-human-brain-mapping-ohbm)
  + [fMRIf summer courses from the NIH](resource_list.md/#fmrif-summer-courses-from-the-nih)
  + [Conference on Cognitive Computational Neuroscience (CCN)](resource_list.md/#conference-on-cognitive-computational-neuroscience-ccn)
  + [International Neuroinformatics Coordinating Facility (INCF) Annual Conference](resource_list.md/#international-neuroinformatics-coordinating-facility-annual-conference]
  + [Computational and Systems Neuroscience (Cosyne) Annual Conference - 2018](resource_list.md/#computational-and-systems-neuroscience-cosyne-annual-conference)
  + [University of Michigan 2018 Training Course in fMRI](resource_list.md/#university-of-michigan-2018-training-course-in-fMRI)
  + [Cambridge University MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit Method Seminars 2017](resource_list.md/#cambridge-universit-mrc-cognition-and-brain-sciences-unit-method-seminars-2017)
  + [Cambridge University MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit Method Seminars 2018](resource_list.md/#cambridge-universit-mrc-cognition-and-brain-sciences-unit-method-seminars-2018)
  + [ISMRM Educational Materials](resource_list.md/#ismrm-educational-materials)
  +[fMRIF NIMH fMRI Course - from 2014 to 2018](resource_list.md/#fmrif-nimh-fmri-course-from-2014-to-2018)
